doc(release): Prepare release notes for collect 23.04 (#2636)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 23.04.4

> Release date: `September 25, 2023`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: `September 26, 2023`
```

#### Centreon Broker

> <details open>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
```

  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> -	Index data INSERT request have been replaced by INSERT ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE and check_interval is always filled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Index data INSERT request have been replaced by INSERT ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE and check_interval is always filled.
```

> - Index data INSERT request have been replaced by INSERT ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE and check_interval is always filled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Index data INSERT requests have been replaced by INSERT ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE and check_interval is always filled in.
```

> - Index data INSERT requests have been replaced by INSERT ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE and check_interval is always filled in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that caused the RRD graphs not to display properly when the check interval was longer than 15 minutes.
```

> Fixed a bug that caused services and hosts to lose their status at cbd startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that caused services and hosts to lose their status at cbd startup.
```

> -	In services and hosts tables, at cbd startup, state is filled with real_state content only if real_state is not null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	In services and hosts tables, at cbd startup, state is filled with real_state content only if real_state is not null.
```

> - In services and hosts tables, at cbd startup, state is filled with real_state content only if real_state is not null.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug that caused services and hosts to lose their statuses at cbd startup.
```
